It is illegal not to smile in Pocatello
A California women once tried to sue the makers of Cap'n Crunch because Crunch Berries contained "No berries of any kind."
At one point in the 1990s, 50% of all CDs produced worldwide were for AOL.
Nutella was invented during WWII, when an italian pastry maker mixed hazelnuts into chocolate to extend his chocolate ration.
In responce to The Lorax, the forest products industry published Truax to teach kids the importance of logging.
Tsutomu Yamaguchi was in Hiroshima for work when the first A-bomb hit, made it home to Nagasaki for the second, and lived to be 93.
A British man changed his name to Tim Ppppppppppppprice to make it harder for telemarketers to pronounce.
J. P. Morgan once offered $100,000 to anyone who could figure out why his face was so red. No one solved the mystery.
Prairie dogs say hello with kisses.
In the mid-1980s, Fergie of The Black Eyed Peas was the voice of Charlie Brown's sister Sally.
Only one McDonald's in the world has turqoise arches. Sedona, AZ thought yellow clashed with the natural red rock.
The 50-star American flag was designed by an Ohio high school student for a class project. His teacher originally gave him a B-.
According to the National Insurance Crime Bureau, the most commonly stolen vehicle in 2012 was the 1994 Honda Accord.
Sean Connery turned down the Gandalf role in Lord of the Rings. "I read the book. I read the script. I saw the movie. I still dont understand it."
Barry Manilow did not write his hit "I write the Songs".
Barry Manilow wrote the State Farm Song "Like a good neighbor State Farm is there!".
Winston Churchill's mother was born in Brooklyn.
Officials in Portland, Ore., drained 8 million gallons of water from a reservoir in 2011 because a buzzed 21-year-old peed in it.
There is a basketball court above the Supreme Court. It's known as the Highest Court in the Land.
If you start counting at one and spell out the numbers as you go, you wont use the letter "A" until you reach 1,000.
The medical term for ice cream headaches is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia.
After Leonardo da Vinchi's death, King Francias I of France hung the Mona Lisa in his bathroom.
Quentin Tarantino played an Elvis impersonator on The Golden Girls.
It is illegal to frown at cows in Bladworth, Saskatchewan.
Sleeping through winter is hibernation, while sleeping through summer is estivation.
In Spain, Mr. Clean is known as Don Limpio.
In Qaddafi's compound, Libyan rebels found a photo album filled with pictures of Condoleezza Rice.
Reed Hastings was inspired to start Netflix after racking up a $40 late fee on a VHS copy of Apollo 13.
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive. Researchers hoping to view them must sign a disclaimer.
Hunger Games author Suzanne Collins also wrote for Clarissa Explains It All.
When three-letter airport codes became standard, airports that had been using two letter simply added an X.
William McKinley was on the $500 bill, Grover cleveland was on the $1000 bill, and James Madison was on the $5000 bill.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop? The world my never know. But on average, a Licking Machine made at Purdue needed 364.
Fredric Baur invented the pringles can. When he passed away in 2008, his ashes were buried in one.
Bill Cosby won three consecutive emmy awards in 1966, 1967 and 1968 as Best Drama Actor for his role in I, Spy.
The U.S. Marine Corps is actually older than the United States itself, having been founded in 1775.
It is illegal to enter the Houses of Parliament in a suit of armor.
Mustard's name is a contraction of the Latin mustum ardens, meaning "burning wine"
Delaware is the only state that does not have a National Park.
Al Capone's brother was a cop.
On the 2001 New Zealand census, 53,715 people listed their religion as "Jedi".
The third right arm of a male octopus is more than an arm-- its his penis.
Starfish don't have brains.
Polar bears are left handed.
Porcupines float in water.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is "uncopyrightable".
The Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Cat's urine glows under a black light.
Coca Cola was originally green.
The youngest Pope was 11 years old.
A 'jiffy' is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine
A Saudi Arabian woman can get a divorce if her husband doesn't give her coffee.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear trousers.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Elephants are the only mamals that can't jump.
Armadillos are the only animal besides humans that can get leprosy.
Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better than men.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
Studies show that if a cat falls off the seventh floor of a building, it has about thirty percent less chance of surviving than a cat that falls off the twentieth floor. It supposedly takes about eight floors for the cat to realise what is occurring, relax and correct itself.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than die in aircrashes.
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
40% of McDonald's profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
If you toss a penny 10000 times, it will not be heads 5000 times,but more like 4950. The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom.
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David; Clubs - Alexander the Great; Hearts - Charlemagne; and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.